chore: add keycloak to dev bundle and rename (#262)
defenseunicorns/uds-core: README.md

#### UDS Package Development

> In addition to the demo bundle, a [k3d-core-istio-dev bundle](./bundles/k3d-istio/README.md) also exists to work with UDS Core with only Istio, Keycloak & Pepr installed. Run one of the commands below to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the demo bundle, a [k3d-slim-dev bundle](./bundles/k3d-slim-dev/README.md) also exists to work with UDS Core with only Istio, Keycloak & Pepr installed. Run the command below to use it.
```

Author: thank i knew i was going to miss something. Will update.

<!-- x-release-please-end -->

Deploy just Istio and Pepr:

<!-- x-release-please-start-version -->

```bash

> uds deploy k3d-core-istio-dev:0.15.1 -p "uds-k3d-dev, init, core-istio"

Reviewer: Wondering if we should rename this since its no longer just "istio". I don't love changing things around but if we intend to extend this model in the future with other optionality we might want to change the name to `k3d-core-slim-dev` or something? Thoughts?

Author: I have no issue renaming it I was trying to introduce as low of an impact of a change as possible and changing the name would be ceasing to publish the existing artifact.

Author: Not sure why I didn't see this comment earlier today 😭

Author: @mjnagel @jeff-mccoy @Racer159 I updated this PR based on the discussions that were had to move to a "slim dev" package/bundle with keycloak + istio. Is this more or less in line with the desired outcome?
